c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LANParty\LANParty\LANParty.Windows\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LANParty\LANParty\LANParty.Windows\bin\Debug\Pages\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LANParty\LANParty\LANParty.Windows\bin\Debug\LANParty.Windows.xr.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LANParty\LANParty\LANParty.Windows\bin\Debug\LANParty.Windows.exe
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LANParty\LANParty\LANParty.Windows\bin\Debug\LANParty.Windows.pdb
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LANParty\LANParty\LANParty.Windows\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LANParty\LANParty\LANParty.Windows\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LANParty\LANParty\LANParty.Windows\bin\Debug\LANParty.Windows.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LANParty\LANParty\LANParty.Windows\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LANParty\LANParty\LANParty.Windows\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LANParty\LANParty\LANParty.Windows\obj\Debug\Pages\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LANParty\LANParty\LANParty.Windows\obj\Debug\Pages\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LANParty\LANParty\LANParty.Windows\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LANParty\LANParty\LANParty.Windows\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LANParty\LANParty\LANParty.Windows\obj\Debug\Pages\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LANParty\LANParty\LANParty.Windows\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LANParty\LANParty\LANParty.Windows\obj\Debug\Pages\MainPage.xbf
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LANParty\LANParty\LANParty.Windows\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LANParty\LANParty\LANParty.Windows\obj\Debug\LANParty.Windows.exe
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LANParty\LANParty\LANParty.Windows\obj\Debug\LANParty.Windows.pdb
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LANParty\LANParty\LANParty.Windows\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LANParty\LANParty\LANParty.Windows\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LANParty\LANParty\LANParty.Windows\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LANParty\LANParty\LANParty.Windows\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LANParty\LANParty\LANParty.Windows\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LANParty\LANParty\LANParty.Windows\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LANParty\LANParty\LANParty.Windows\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LANParty\LANParty\LANParty.Windows\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LANParty\LANParty\LANParty.Windows\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LANParty\LANParty\LANParty.Windows\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LANParty\LANParty\LANParty.Windows\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LANParty\LANParty\LANParty.Windows\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LANParty\LANParty\LANParty.Windows\bin\Debug\Pages\RegisterPage.xbf
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LANParty\LANParty\LANParty.Windows\obj\Debug\Pages\RegisterPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LANParty\LANParty\LANParty.Windows\obj\Debug\Pages\RegisterPage.g.cs
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LANParty\LANParty\LANParty.Windows\obj\Debug\Pages\RegisterPage.xaml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LANParty\LANParty\LANParty.Windows\obj\Debug\Pages\RegisterPage.xbf
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LANParty\LANParty\LANParty.Windows\bin\Debug\Parse.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LANParty\LANParty\LANParty.Windows\bin\Debug\Parse.WinRT.dll
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LANParty\LANParty\LANParty.Windows\bin\Debug\Parse.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LANParty\LANParty\LANParty.Windows\bin\Debug\Parse.WinRT.xml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LANParty\LANParty\LANParty.Windows\obj\Debug\LANParty.Windows.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LANParty\LANParty\LANParty.Windows\obj\Debug\LANParty.Windows.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LANParty\LANParty\LANParty.Windows\obj\Debug\Pages\ProfilePage.g.i.cs
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LANParty\LANParty\LANParty.Windows\obj\Debug\Pages\ProfilePage.g.cs
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LANParty\LANParty\LANParty.Windows\bin\Debug\Pages\ProfilePage.xbf
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LANParty\LANParty\LANParty.Windows\obj\Debug\Pages\ProfilePage.xaml
c:\users\martin\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\LANParty\LANParty\LANParty.Windows\obj\Debug\Pages\ProfilePage.xbf
